Previously on
The Five Star Weekend:
You were right. she was lying.
She didn't need a break.
she wanted
to watch
her damn boyfriend play.
-Go. Maddox!
-I think Charlie
was inappropriate
with an intern.
We have the phone call
to go over
our stories with the lawyer.
We went to dinner and a movie.
It's kind of my job
-to support him as a wife.
-Okay.
It's all just a bad dream.
I can't wake up.
I don't wanna talk.
-Okay. Oh. it's the cops.
-Yeah.
I got a fornication
on public property.
Dylan LeClaire
and one of the Five Stars.
-Oh. God.
-I'm bringing them in.
-You knew Matthew.
-He was the first person
that I've ever loved.
Are you gonna tell her?
I need to figure out
what's best for Hollis. Gigi.
I know I said
I wasn't gonna tell her.
but she just deserves to know.
I'm sorry. he didn't show.
You okay?
No. But I will be.
May I please have
a sparkling wine?
I'll bring the bottle.
My dear
Hungry with Hollis community.
I'm writing
with some terrible news.
Hey. I'm going out.
-You okay?
-Yeah. I'm fine.
Well. I'm here. sweetie.
Check in...
Don't wait up. okay?
Hey. Hollis. Um...
It's-It's-It's me.
Brooke. How can I help?
No. sorry. God. sorry.
I read an article on how to
support people through grief.
and they said not to ask
"how can I help?"
Because that requires
you to do the work
of telling me what to do.
So. sorry.
Hey. hon. it's-it's Dru.
I'm just checking on you.
I'm here if you need me.
Hi. Hollis.
I know you don't know me.
and I have no advice for you.
What you're going through
is hell.
I'm just here to listen
without any judgment.
Hi Gigi. it's Hollis.
Are you there?
I'm here.
Nice to meet you.
How are you today?
Sorry to bother you.
No. no. I offered.
How are you doing?
I just feel like
the walls are closing in on me.
It'll get better.
Right now. I'm sure the loss
feels as big as a boulder.
But one day. it'll be a pebble.
That's beautiful.
Did you lose someone too?
I have. My mom.
Oh. I'm sorry for your loss.
Oh. sorry. I hate it
when people say that to me.
-It's so empty.
-It's okay.
What does one do with
one's dead husband's clothes?
Should I get them tailored to
fit me and wear them around?
It would be the ultimate
Diane Keaton tribute.
I actually think
you're supposed
to sew them all together
into a giant memory quilt.
It'll only take you
four to five years.
My last words to him were:
"We need to call the plumber."
I mean. can you believe it?
I told him I loved him
a million times.
But did he really know
I loved him?
Did he still love me?
You okay?
Sorry. yeah.
Spacing out.
It's hard not to out here.
It's so peaceful.
My dad used to call this
"the edge of the world."
But not in a flat earther
sort of way.
I can't believe how warm it is.
Do you swim in it?
Not as much as I did
when I was a kid.
Matthew did.
though. every morning.
Even in the winter. He was
all into that Wim Hof stuff.
The man loved extremes.
That sounds pretty mental.
I know. It was insane.
-It was nuts.
-Yeah.
Oh.
Hurts to laugh sometimes.
Why?
I feel guilty
when I have any fun.
It's just...
He's gone.
The morning he left.
he was rushing
to get out the door.
And I knew
something was wrong with us.
But he had to go. so...
When they came to tell me
that he was gone. I just. um...
I had a pie in the oven.
I didn't even...
I didn't even cry.
I didn't react.
I just went to get my pie
out of the oven.
-I didn't want it to burn.
-You were in shock.
Okay?
You have to live.
He's gone.
and now you have to live.
I am trying.
I really am.
Should we go in?
-Right now?
-For Matthew.
♪ Keep reachin' out
And I'll keep comin' back... ♪
♪ Then I'm okay with that ♪
♪ If you leave the light on
Then I'll leave the light on ♪
♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
♪ And I am findin' out
There's just no other way ♪
♪ That I'm still dancing
At the end of the day ♪
♪ If you leave the light on
Then I'll leave the light on ♪
-♪ Oh. oh. oh ♪
-♪ Oh-oh-oh-oh ♪
Oh. this is so bad.
This is so bad.
This is gonna go
on my permanent record.
Hollis Shaw's daughter caught
smashing in a lighthouse.
We can't tell Aubrey.
I wouldn't say we were. like. smashing.
It was more like making love.
Caroline. I'm serious.
This wasn't just
a physical thing for me.
it was. like emotional.
-Oh. God.
-Aubrey and me...
She doesn't see me.
And you see me.
And me. you. and Otis.
we could be a family.
No. Look.
that's really sweet of you.
um. but it didn't have a lot
to do with you.
I was just working some things
out on you. with you.
-And thank you.
-You're welcome.
But I used you.
I'm sorry.
Okay. well. I'm conflicted.
Yes. I'm sad you used me.
But there's a part of me
that's like. just...
Almost proud that you felt
empowered enough to use me.
I mean. that's how
the patriarchy gets dismantled.
That's how change happens. right?
-What the fuck?
-It's good.
Shit.
I thought we're becoming
actual friends.
We are. We were.
But I thought that you were just
with him because of your mom.
And you've been talking
to that guy in Portugal.
Wait. what? You've been
talking to Portugal guy?
You hooked up with my friend.
Get up. Let's go.
Not you.
You're gonna rot in jail.
Okay. that's unfair.
-That's not fair.
-No one rots in here.
-That's not fair?
-It's a community meeting room.
If I didn't need you to watch
Otis while I go to work.
you would be
rotting in here too.
Rotting. Fucking dropout.
-Call me.
-No.
-Good seeing you.
-Nah.
Are you sure you don't want me
to call your mom?
Absolutely not.
Is there anyone else I can call?
No one.
Make coffee. robot.
What the hell?
The itinerary promised me
a breakfast spread.
And I'm in pain.
there's no breakfast spread.
Oh. okay.
Maybe Caroline knows
how to work this thing?
Oh. she's not here.
Didn't she stay the night
with Aubrey?
Good morning.
There's no breakfast spread.
That's okay. I'm not hungry.
Oh. What's this energy?
None of your beeswax.
-Wait. no.
-Ah! Look who's texting Brooke.
Oh. my God.
is that the tour guide?
Okay. she's a seasonal
site interpreter. Give it back.
No!
Wait. you were texting
all night about Downton Abbey?
Shit. I gotta take this...
Wait. I'm not done
analyzing this.
-Okay.
-Hold the phone.
-That's how that works?
-Yeah.
-Are you gonna make me one?
Now. what?
Yeah. I'm calling for Dru-Ann
Jones. The Comeback Kid.
-What?
-Guess what I just heard?
Angel City
is gonna suspend Posey
for missing her game to go party
at the Knicks game.
-Wait. are you serious?
-Uh-huh.
And everyone's saying that you
were right to push her to play.
And I'll tell you right now.
the team is pissed. She's done.
-Are you happy?
-No.
Why would that make me happy?
'Cause you were right.
You love to be right.
Now. listen to me. we need
you back in the office ASAP.
We are gonna dump Posey.
and we're
gonna get all your clients back.
I'm here until Monday.
I'm still have another night.
Dru. you just pulled off
the impossible!
I need you back in the office
in the morning.
Come on. I got my ace back.
Let's go. baby!
Whoo!
Damn! Look at those
foster dog eyes...
I know.
I was up all night
just zooming in on pictures
of her face.
Isn't that the best face?
Good for you. Brooke.
I gotta head back
to L.A. tonight.
I gotta deal with
this Posey shit.
What. you're gonna
bail on Holly?
What about the make your
own pizza party?
Hollis. look...
She's made it clear that
she wants to get through this
on her own terms.
Where is Hollis?
She's on a walk with Gigi.
her new BFF.
Oh. now. you know how it feels
to have your best friend
trade you in for a new model.
All right. okay. really?
Are we gonna do this again?
I'm sorry. I love a grudge.
It's my retinol.
Hello?
You guys.
there's some dude on the porch.
-What?
-There's like this pale
insurance salesman guy
out there. look.
-Charlie?
-Hello? Hi?
Stay here. Stay right there.
Stay there.
Charlie. Charlie. no. no. no.
-Hey!
-You can't be here.
-You can't just come in here.
-What?
-This is Hollis' house.
-I know. I know.
-Oh. God.
-It's...
Listen.
I called you a thousand times
last night
and you didn't pick up.
Are you drunk right now?
I had a few bloodies
on the ferry.
Babe. I'm in distress.
Look at me.
It was a one-time thing.
Also. she started it. so...
Charlie. I don't want to do this
right now.
-I have...
-Babe. you know me.
I'm going through the worst
experience of my whole life.
my job is on the line.
Just please come home
so we can...
I don't wanna do this. okay?
I've gotta go inside.
-What. you're never coming home?
-No.
-What am I gonna tell the boys?
-Don't bring them up.
We said that we would leave them
-out of this... No.
-Just tell me.
We said that we were gonna
leave them out of this.
-Tell me what to tell them...
-Is there a problem here?
We're fine. We're fine.
-You must be Charlie.
-Yeah.
I've heard so much about you.
It's all absolutely terrible.
You're a mean person.
Get your shit.
We're going right now.
-Maybe I should go with him?
-What?
It's just a weekend. right?
At some point we have
to get back to our real-life?
The weekend's over.
Honey. what do you wanna do?
-Charlie?
-Oh!
-What are you doing here?
-Hungry. hungry Hollis!
Bring it in.
Oh. wait. you're wet.
Look. there's a ferry at 10.
Let's go.
Get your stuff.
we're leaving right now.
I wanna stay.
Brooke. these people
aren't your friends.
You said it yourself.
Hollis doesn't even like you.
No... What? Hang on a second.
All right. you're right.
I don't like her. I love her.
This woman right here.
your wife.
she's one of the best people
I've ever known.
The most loyal person.
And God. you do not deserve her.
-So true.
-Damn straight.
Give me a fucking break. Hollis.
You don't have real friends.
You collect women
who worship you.
You got an Asian one
and a Black one.
-Oh. my God.
-Very diverse.
-And you racist?
-And they're probably in it
for freebies
and Instagram likes.
-I don't even have Instagram.
-Okay. Charlie...
I haven't had cheesecake
in like 15 years.
I love cheesecake.
You know I love cheesecake.
But I don't have it
because you don't like it.
Cheese shouldn't be cake.
These are my friends.
These are my real friends.
They don't make me feel stupid
and they don't make me
feel small.
They listen
to what I have to say.
and they don't gaslight me.
I don't gaslight you.
That's crazy.
I have made myself
so small for you.
You shrunk me down.
And I'm done. Yeah. Yeah.
I don't wanna do this anymore
and I want you to leave
right now.
-Don't do this.
-Go.
-You heard her.
-She said go.
Get the fuck out.
I don't even know
who you are anymore!
Good. Neither do I.
-Get out!
-Goodbye. Sorry. Charlie.
Go get ready for court.
Ain't you busy?
-Bye.
-We about to have cheesecake!
I danced with a Seasonal Site
Interpreter!
Yeah. Yeah.
That's right.
Oh. Brooke.
I'm proud of you.
-You okay?
-Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah.
We've got you.
Why are you guys so wet?
Gigi and I. we got in the water.
It was incredible.
Yeah.
-Do you wanna do the thing?
-Let's do the thing.
-Should we change first?
-Yeah.
-Okay. okay.
-Wait. what's the thing?
The thing on the itinerary?
-We don't know about the thing.
-Come on. Henry.
Why can't we do the thing too?
Matthew was cheating
on Hollis...
with Gigi.
-Bitch...
-What?
I will murder him.
I will bring him back to life
and I will murder him.
-How long have you known?
-Since yesterday.
And you didn't think to. like.
loop us into this immediately?
I didn't know
if it was my business to even...
We're her best friends.
Of course. it's our business.
Okay.
-How long's it been going on?
-She didn't say.
Well. do you know
how it started?
No. I just saw a picture
of them together. that's it.
Okay. maybe it was
a one-time thing.
Or an emotional affair.
I don't even wanna know
the details.
-I don't wanna be complicit.
-Okay. all right.
Okay. first of all. we just...
We have to get facts
before we tell Hollis. okay?
And we need to get Gigi alone.
We need to get her alone
and find out the whole truth.
Wait. I thought you were
going back to L.A.?
Not anymore. I...
Oh. God. I knew it.
I knew it. I knew it.
I knew something
was up with Gigi.
How are we supposed
to get Gigi alone?
We're supposed to hang out
at the beach all day.
and the itinerary said something
about a "fun surprise."
Maybe this is
the "fun surprise."
Oh. God.
Go. go. go.
Be careful. Dru.
What are you doing?
Gigi gave me a second hole.
Can you see?
I've always wanted
a second hole.
and we did it! I'm living. baby!
Yeah.
That hurt more
than I thought it would.
This is how I used to do it
in secondary school.
You just sharpen the end
of the earring and jam it in.
Jam it in!
-Oh.
-You okay?
A little lightheaded.
Hang on a second.
You know what.
why don't you go lie down?
Yeah. no. I was gonna make us
some sausage biscuit balls.
Oh. those sound amazing.
Maybe we'll make you a snack.
You can have a little lie down.
you've been doing
so much for us.
-Off you go. Off you go.
-You know what?
A little lie down. little shower
that sounds really nice.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
Just holler
if you need anything at all.
Second hole. baby. Fuck it!
-Yeah!
-Yes!
Good! Get it.
-Fucking did it!
-Yeah.
Ah.
I see.
-Here we go.
-I told them.
-Yes. I can tell.
-Okay.
I'm glad you did. I'm sick
from carrying this around.
Yeah. that's right.
you are sick.
The damn truth.
Look. I know nothing I say
or do can excuse this.
or make you understand.
but I promise you.
I never meant
to hurt Hollis. okay?
We can't do this here.
Hollis might walk in
-or she could hear us.
-You're right.
this place
is echo-y as all hell.
-We need a private place.
-Maybe she has a panic room?
I have an idea.
You need to tell us everything.
and you need to start
from the beginning.
We can't just stand here.
If Hollis looks out and sees us
standing around.
she'll get suspicious.
-Okay.
-Gigi. you're with me.
-I don't actually play tennis.
-Well. pretend you do.
-Who plays pretend sports?
-Go. I'll serve!
Forgot to tell you.
I'm really good at tennis!
All right. fine.
Come on. Gigi. start talking.
-Tell us the truth.
-Go.
-Right now.
-I don't know where to start.
Just tell them what you told me.
-Tatum.
-Fifteen-love.
Gigi. get outta the way.
Get outta the way!
When did you meet Matthew?
Really? You have nothing to say?
Thirty-love.
Did you know he was married?
How long was it going on?
-Gigi. move. Move!
-Come on. over there. Hurry up.
Neither of us
meant to hurt anyone.
Bullshit.
Ooh. I hit it.
I tried to end it so many times.
-But you didn't.
-How could you do this?
You are unbelievable.
Were you gonna ever tell Hollis?
-I tried to...
-Yeah. well. not hard enough.
Do you even know
how to tell the truth?
-Get outta the way.
-This would destroy her.
Gigi. that was all you!
I'm sorry!
People look at me all the time
and they don't see me.
And he did.
And now he's gone and I...
I'm vile. I know I'm...
I know that's all that I am.
I'm fucking vile.
Forty-love!
Who do I make it out to?
Town of Nantucket
fishing permits.
We'll process it on Monday.
But you can fish
any time until then.
just show them the receipt.
-Teddy?
-Yeah. Just sign there.
You got Hollis Shaw's
daughter back there.
She won't let me call her mom
to post bail. I'm telling you.
She has not inherited
any of her mother's charms.
'Cause everyone knows
you're a hoot.
-I am a hoot.
-She did lose her dad last year.
-so...
-Ah.
But still.
I'm ready for a no star weekend.
Know what I mean?
Yeah. Good one.
-Caroline?
-Oh. God.
-I'm Jack.
-No. I know who you are.
I just wanna let you to know
you're a free man.
You posted my bail?
Why would you do that?
Oh. my bad. were you gonna bust
outta here on your own?
-You don't really seem the type.
-Okay. well.
-You don't know me.
-Well. I know your mom.
and you're her daughter.
So you know. carry the two.
divide by four.
Hell. I'm bad at math.
but I think that adds up to me
knowing a little bit about you.
She never mentioned
you were funny.
She actually
never mentioned you at all.
It's good to meet you. Caroline.
Actually? Um...
I kind of need a ride home.
One that's not
in the back of a cop car?
Come on. perp. Let's go.
Why did you come here?
Because this is what I do.
I love people
I can't really have.
Matthew?
Hollis too.
Of course. you can't have her.
you nut.
She's gonna start looking
for us soon. you guys.
Let's just go back upstairs.
Act normal.
She wants snacks.
just make a snack.
-Something cute and edible.
-Okay. okay. Okay.
Wait. remind me. anybody
have any dietary restrictions?
-Go!
-All right.
Okay. okay. okay.
Cheese. cheese. cheese.
What are we
supposed to do with her?
Feed me to the sharks.
I don't care.
Eh? She's offering.
Okay. here's the plan.
We're gonna take you
to the ferry.
We're gonna throw you
off the ferry.
We're gonna get you outta here
and we're gonna make up
a lie for you.
That won't be hard.
-She loves lies.
-Mm-hm. Absolutely.
And then you're gonna go back.
you're gonna pack your things.
and you are going to leave.
Can I at least
say goodbye to her?
So she doesn't worry?
-So she doesn't...
-Hate you?
-It's a little late for that.
-Mm-hm.
-Let's go.
-Get up.
Okay. this...
Yeah. That right there.
Okay.
Oh.
The key to a beautiful...
-Thank you. Hollis.
-And delicious cheeseboard
is taking all the elements.
flavor. texture. color.
and making them
talk to each other.
♪ Josie's on a vacation
Far away ♪
♪ Come around And talk it over ♪
I feel like
I'm in an old army tank.
I find it beats walking. though.
Don't you?
This is a '72 Bronco.
she's a collector's item.
Cool flex.
Yeah. no. I don't do slang
from a generation
that can't name
one Van Halen tune.
Just one pre-Hagar
Van Halen tune. Come on.
-"Put Some Sugar on It..." Me?
-No.
-Something.
There's no cheating.
Put that away.
Come on.
There's rules.
So could you maybe
just drop me off
and not tell my mother you
bailed me out of prison. please?
Yeah. I think she'll understand
more than you think.
She's too together.
-Hm.
-She's never real with me.
It makes me feel like I can't
be real with her. you know?
She and Tatum got arrested
for shoplifting prom dresses.
She got busted for smoking weed
out of an apple
during drama club.
We had to do community service
cleaning up the beach.
She was in drama club?
That's your takeaway?
Did you ever know your grandpa?
-Your mom's dad?
-Not really. No.
I think he died
when I was. like. six.
I'm named after him. though.
Your name is Frank?
My middle name is Francis.
Well...
Frank wasn't good with emotions.
I know it's shocking.
most Nantucket
saltwater fishermen are.
And when your grandma died.
your mom just got kind of used
to keeping her emotions
all tidy.
-So she just became perfect?
-No.
She's still a fucking mess.
She just got really good
at hiding it.
Look. I don't think I need
to tell her about this.
But I am telling you. you could.
Thank you for the ride.
"Jessie's Girl"?
No.
My God.
Okay. Okay. But what's the plan?
We're gonna take her
to the ferry.
But we need to do it now. okay?
Hey. where are you guys?
-Fuck.
-Hi.
-What's going on?
I made a charcuterie board. Heh.
And it's a star!
-See? That's fun. Yeah.
-Oh. that's great.
-Yeah.
-No. actually. it's not.
-No. it's not.
-Yeah. it is.
I don't think the charcuterie
board is gonna cut it.
-No?
-It's not good.
-What?
-It's... I think we want...
We want sandwiches. We're gonna
go in town to get sandwiches.
-Yes.
-Yeah. you know what...
Gigi wants to go back
to Stubby's.
Stubby's. Stubby's.
-Stubby's.
-Oh. God.
-She can't get enough Stubby's.
-She loves Stubby's.
-Just call me Missus Stubby's.
-Missus Stubby's.
Call her Missus Stubby's.
Okay. what's happening?
What is happening?
-Okay.
-I...
Let's go.
No. I haven't been fully honest
with you.
I know.
-You do?
-Okay. Yeah.
You lied to me
about when your mom died.
I get it. You just wanted
to connect with me. I...
Honestly. I'm glad you did.
Is this what everyone's
being weird about?
-It sure is.
-Mm-hm. Mm-hm.
It's more than that.
What's going on?
Honey. where've you been?
I thought you were with Aubrey?
What are you doing here?
I was kind of in jail.
Why didn't you call me?
I tried calling Dru
this morning.
You didn't answer?
You told me
to stop overstepping.
Yeah. well.
not when she's in prison.
Well. how would I know that?
Oh. God.
And they fingerprinted you.
Oh. my God. what happened?
Um...
Dylan and I
were in the lighthouse.
Wait. and they arrested you?
-Together.
-Oh.
Excuse me. Hold on.
You were having sex
with my future son-in-law?
-Why the lighthouse?
-They aren't engaged.
You have a room. a bed.
Not any worse than the time
we got caught
with our pants off at Madaket.
You've been very helpful. Jack.
Thank you.
Thanks for the ride. You can go.
Okay. let's get your hands
washed. huh?
Yeah. that's a good idea.
Wash away the evidence.
Sweep it under the rug.
Frost it and stick it
in a gift bag. like you do.
She has fingerprint ink
on her fingers.
Your daughter is trying
to break up my family.
and you wanna tidy up
and make lunch
and pretend
like it didn't happen?
Okay. You don't know me anymore.
you don't know my daughter.
Yeah. you're right.
-I don't.
-Tatum. I'm...
I don't even know
why I was invited to this thing.
I probably was just
a pity invite.
No. you're my oldest friend
in the world.
Yeah. because
if you didn't invite me.
I would've heard about it
and you would've looked
like an asshole.
And you can't handle any version
of the world
where you're not sweet. perfect.
lovely Hollis Shaw.
Back me up.
It's true. Hollis. I'm sorry.
Don't be mad at me.
No. it's not the time.
and no one's mad at you.
I am sorry Matthew died.
It sucks. It's brutal.
But if you hadn't have
shut me out
because I wasn't fancy enough
for your new life...
-That's not true! I didn't...
-I would've been there for you!
I could've pulled you up off
the floor like a sister would.
but you cut me outta your life!
I didn't cut you out.
you pushed me away.
Tatum.
because that's what you do!
Because you are an asshole.
Tatum!
You make it
impossible to love you!
All of you do.
Is that an ice cream truck?
Surprise.
I got us an ice cream truck.
Hey. what can I get for you?
What do you guys want?
-Uh...
-I'll take a soft serve.
Wait. where's Gigi?
Gigi?
What the hell
is going on with everyone?
Why would she just leave?
She did mention something about.
like. a work emergency. right?
Yes. she did. Yep. Yep. yep.
Yeah.
something about she had to go.
I think fill in for a pilot
or something?
Yeah. why wouldn't she tell me
that? It's so weird.
Did you guys
say something to her?
I do have to remind you. Holly.
you barely know this woman.
-It's true. It's true.
-And what's with her. like.
"I'm so elegant and so nice?"
You guys are jealous
that Gigi and I are so close.
No. no. No. Holly.
maybe you don't know Gigi
as well as you think you do.
Okay. well. why is it then that
she's the only person
here this weekend
who isn't making me
feel bad about myself?
-Hey. come on.
-No one is trying
to make you feel bad
about yourself.
We're trying to be honest
with you. Holly.
I'm gonna go look for her.
Excuse me.
Maybe she's on the beach.
-Do we follow her?
-Yeah.
Yeah. we should go.
Gigi!
Are you out here?
Where are you?
Oh. God.
Where the hell did Gigi even go?
I don't know.
maybe she grabbed a plane.
or chartered a boat.
something slutty.
Wait. she's not a spy.
She's just a normal lady.
Well. look. maybe this
is for the best.
She's gone. Holly doesn't know.
Let's just leave it at that.
I know. but doesn't she deserve
to know the truth?
Even if it would hurt?
It's not just gonna hurt her.
it's gonna break her.
-God.
-Um...
I'm trying to get out!
-Can you move?
-Yeah. just a second.
I'm trying to leave!
What is wrong with everyone?
Can you get out of my way?
-I overheated. I gotta wait a bit.
-Hollis!
Oh. my God. Hollis. calm down.
Okay. you want me to be honest?
Great.
I don't want you in my house.
How's that for honest?
I don't know what I was thinking
bringing you all here.
It's officially the worst idea
I've ever had.
-Okay. come on. you are being ridiculous.
-Hollis...
-Am I?
-Yes!
-Just come inside.
Hollis.
We love you. okay?
But Gigi is not your friend.
Oh?
She was having an affair
with Matthew.
My Matthew?
It's true.